Not much was known about Vivian Maier before the documentary Finding Vivian Maier by John Maloof, was published back in 2013.  John bought Vivian's photo negatives at an auction and thus began his slow adventure to the findings of Vivian's life.  John put her work together so that many people from historians to the everyday modern Americans can admire her photos, and bring to light a new way of looking at the world.
	John initially bought just the first box of Vivian Maier's work, which he intended to use for one of the projects he was working on in school. Unfortunately he could not find a use for them at that point so he shoved all of the stuff into a closet in his room. Eventually he got tired of staring at it and started to go through it to see what more he could find out about this mysterious women. This I think is where the true adventure begins. Once he found addresses and started to call people asking about this women, John got a hold of a few people that were getting ready to clean out her storage unit. This is a second big mile stone in this story, because at this time John discovers that Vivian has way more things she kept from the public. After John takes home all of the boxes he thinks are kind of important or useful to discovering more about Vivian, he goes through and makes a record of all the photography related things she kept in hiding. Over 100,000 negatives and many rolls of film as well. Once he looks at this work he realizes that the work he has found is more than just ordinary, and that it's important that not only he learns everything there is to know about Vivian, but the rest of the world should know as well. I believe that one of the more broad messages is that if you put your mind to anything, you can accomplish it. John faced many hardships during this process but was still able to accomplish what he was trying to do and he learned so much in that time.
	I have never heard anything about Vivian Maier before watching this documentary. I will say that I am glad to have watched this movie because it shown me new ways the photographers can express themselves using street photography. Vivian has taught me that no matter what I am doing in life there will be a way to always find time for the things you love to do. And most importantly, that in the 21st century anyone can find out just about everything they need to know, no matter how private your life may have been. This film also makes me wonder how many great people have yet to be discovered, and what will become of me after I pass.
	After John Started to organize all of Vivian's work he began to come across lots of the things that she hoarded. With this came phone numbers, bills, checks, newspapers, and anything else you can think of. So with these John started to call these people and ask around to see if anyone knew anything about her. Surprisingly many people could recall working with Vivian, and most of the people interviewed by John were either raised partly by her when they were younger and she was the nanny, or they were the people who hired her. These people would tell so much about Vivian's life, about how she loved children, she loved to take pictures because of the camera she would always wear around her neck, and about how she was a hoarder and a very conservative person. I kind of find the traits ironic how she was so willing to go up to random strangers and take photos of them or even in a few cases interview people, yet she wouldn’t ever show anyone her work because she felt that is was an invasion of her privacy. 
	As far as the camera work in the film, the camera work was great. I liked how John would set up his interviews with everyone. He played some interesting background music and he used some of the rules of composition like the rule of thirds and leaving space for the subject to move or breathe. I am not sure how much John actually knew about film making or how much he learned during the process but it very good. Vivian also had very good film work and great photography skills as well. Her images were surprisingly sharp and has a very nice depth of field for the camera being so old. Honestly I feel like some of the cheaper cameras today aren't capable of getting images that were this good so I give Vivian Maier props for that. I haven't learned much from the interviews except for what I already knew and that is to make sure that there is enough lighting for the subject and that you should incorporate some interesting and kind of mysterious music to the background. Or the music should fit the theme of the movie you are trying to make. Any other type of music for that documentary would not have worked as well.
	I believe that this documentary is good for any photography enthusiast that wants to learn more about the areas of street photography or even just photography in general. Reviewing  Vivian Maier's work and picking out the compositions used or even pondering why the photo was taken can spark some imagination into an aspiring pupils mind and can make anyone's work come alive. The section that I liked the most was when John Maloof was going through and organizing Vivian's work because I like to organize anything that I would come across and it is interesting to see all of that old documentation from the 20th century. Something that surprised me the most is that Vivian was not the type of person to show anyone her work. These photos she took were extraordinary and she didn’t seem to think anything of it. This type of behavior leaves me to think that she is some type of French spy, or maybe she just had some serious mental issues and she just never got them worked out. If my friends were into photography just as much as I was I would encourage them to watch this film because if it was not recommended to me I probably would not have ever watched this film. I learned many things from this documentary even though I was dreading it going in, and I think it would be a great experience for just about anyone.
